# EC_work
## Instruction:
In Individual class, we define a class to describe a solution.
In class Population, we define a class to represent a set of solutions.
We implement 4 different mutation operators (insert, swap, inversion, scramble) in class mutation, 
4 crossover operators (Order Crossover, PMX Crossover, Cycle Crossover, Edge Recombination) in class crossOver and 3 selection operators (fitness-proportional, tournament selection, elitism) in class Selection.
In class Algorithms, we combine different selection, crossover and mutation algorithms to form three evolutionary algorithms.
TSPProblem.py contains class TSPProblem, which represents the TSP problem and enables the construction and visualization of TSP problems.
Read_data.py contains class Read_data, functioning as a data loader.
The folder Experiment1_logfiles consists of the log-files containing the results generated by the code.
The folder dataSet consists of the problem inputs and optimal outputs of the symmetric traveling salesperson problem of the TSPlib.
The test*.py and FinalTest*.py are to be runned to obtain resolutions.
The walking trajectory can be obtained by running TSPProblem.py.
We integrated the operations for this experiment in FinalTest1_*.py and FinalTest2.py
run FinalTest1_*.py ,you can get .txt and log files with the answer for Experiment1
run FinalTest2.py ,you can get .txt and log files with the answer for Experiment2
run test3.py , you can get  txt that show the length according to the opt_tour file

presentation video link:https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV13U4y1n71E/

Members:
1190200505 胡梦康 1170813560@qq.com
1190200504 陈健宇 wyyxhit2019@163.com
1190202121 李忠根 904721086@qq.com
1190202126 李映泽 3615267113@qq.com
1190400818 蒋文祺 1165877824@qq.com